Add VcPkg support. (#1013)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-cpp: sdk/core/azure-core/CMakeLists.txt

list(APPEND CMAKE_MODULE_PATH "${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/../../../cmake-modules")

include(az_vcpkg)
include(az_version)
include(CodeCoverage)
include(DefineTransportAdapter)
include(doxygen_common)
include(global_compile_options)

> az_vcpkg_integrate()

Author: I agree, but this PR would be the first that uses Pascal - version does not, for example, and all others I can see. Let's unify all them to a consistent style in another PR.

  src/version.cpp
  )

target_include_directories(
  ${TARGET_NAME}
    PUBLIC
      $<BUILD_INTERFACE:${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/inc>
      $<INSTALL_INTERFACE:include>
  )

# make sure that users can consume the project as a library.
add_library(Azure::${TARGET_NAME} ALIAS ${TARGET_NAME})

# coverage. Has no effect if BUILD_CODE_COVERAGE is OFF
create_code_coverage(core ${TARGET_NAME} "${TARGET_NAME}-test")

target_include_directories(${TARGET_NAME} PUBLIC ${CURL_INCLUDE_DIRS})

> target_link_libraries(${TARGET_NAME} PUBLIC CURL::libcurl Threads::Threads)

Reviewer: why are you changing this?
libcurl and threads libraries are consumed only by Azure CORE.  By doing PUBLIC, we are saying that the Azure SDK also provides this 2 with it

Author: But it does! We require customer to link with it.

get_az_version("${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/inc/azure/core/version.hpp")

> generate_documentation(${TARGET_NAME} ${AZ_LIBRARY_VERSION})

Reviewer: At some point we got feedback from Charlie about not following the ${TARGET_NAME} approach and repeat the same words multiple times better

Author: No strong opinion on this, but I find `${TARGET_NAME}` to be less error-prone.

  src/version.cpp
  )

target_include_directories(
  ${TARGET_NAME}
    PUBLIC
      $<BUILD_INTERFACE:${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/inc>
      $<INSTALL_INTERFACE:include>
  )

# make sure that users can consume the project as a library.

> add_library(Azure::${TARGET_NAME} ALIAS ${TARGET_NAME})

Reviewer: I don't think this is OK.  the Alias should be Azure::Core and not Azure::azure-core

  azure-core
    PUBLIC
      $<BUILD_INTERFACE:${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/inc>
      $<INSTALL_INTERFACE:include>
)

# make sure that users can consume the project as a library.

> add_library(Azure::azure-core ALIAS azure-core)

Reviewer: what happen if we leave it as Azure::Core ?  
Looks weird to repeat azure twice

Author: It tells me that Azure::Core is an alias and can't be exported. If I simply use it in this specific place, the target library vcpkg produces is still Aaure::azure-core. So then when you build another lib as vcpackage, and we find_package() and then try to reference it as Azure::Core, it fails to find it.

  azure-core
    PUBLIC
      $<BUILD_INTERFACE:${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/inc>
      $<INSTALL_INTERFACE:include>
)

# make sure that users can consume the project as a library.
add_library(Azure::azure-core ALIAS azure-core)

# coverage. Has no effect if BUILD_CODE_COVERAGE is OFF
create_code_coverage(core azure-core azure-core-test)

> # Needs Azure::azure-storage-blobs be public as long as we #include<curl.h> in public headers.

Author: ```suggestion
# ${CURL_INCLUDE_DIRS} needs to be public as long as we #include<curl.h> in public headers.
```
